= use .wiki suffix =

normal模式，生成标题, 按=号，按-号
生成列表 	gl*(-,1,a)，o
				gll
			glh
			* lesson1
			a) sksksksk
			b) skskkd
			c) tiidkls
				a) 
			d) 


修改同级列表			gL*(-,1,a),

	* [X] finish math homework
	* [ ] sksksk
	* [ ] ksksks
	* [X] ksks
		* [X] dkkdkd
		* [X] 


添加钩(check)	[-,1,a] check  press <ctrl+space>/<leader>wl
	选中		<leader>wl
	删除		gl+space
	父子级		gll (支持
		a) [X] aaa
		b) [o] 
			a) [ ] 
			b) [X] 

[[ppp.txt]]
链接	[[test.cpp| link to test.cpp]]  	press <cr>
			
*Hello*			*粗体 `代码行 _斜体 {{{代码块
`int a;`
_hello_

{{{cpp
	void box(int a, int b) {
		return a + b;
	}
	
}}}

{{{python
	def foo(arg):
		return []
}}}

:h vimwiki-mappings
:h vimwiki-local-mappings

	1. <Leader>ww -- Open default wiki index file.
	2. <Leader>wt -- Open default wiki index file in a new tab.
	3. [X] <Leader>ws -- Select and open wiki index file.
	4. [X] <Leader>wi -- 创建日记 diary.wiki
		a) [X] <leader>w<leader>w --创建今天日记 <backspace>
		b) [X] 创建日记索引 跳回到diary.wiki后 -- <leader>w<leader>i	 
	5. [ ] <Leader>whh -- 使用浏览器显示wiki
	6. <Leader>wd -- Delete wiki file you are in.
	7. <Leader>wr -- Rename wiki file you are in.
	8. <Enter> -- Follow/Create wiki link.
	9. <Shift-Enter> -- Split and follow/create wiki link.
	10. <Ctrl-Enter> -- Vertical split and follow/create wiki link.
	11. <Backspace> -- Go back to parent(previous) wiki link.
	12. <Tab> -- Find next wiki link.

.vimrc
let g:vimwiki_list = [{'path': '~/vimwiki/',
                      \ 'syntax': 'markdown', 'ext': '.md'}]
<Shift-Tab> -- Find previous wiki link.

index.wiki 导航

.vimrc 中添加wiki目录，可以是多个
let g:vimwiki_list = [{'path': '/wiki/competition/ol/'},
			\ {'path': '/wiki/personal'}]
<leader>ww
1<leader>ww
2<leader>www

复制文件名绝对路径
nnoremap <leader>yf :let @+=expand("%:p") <cr>
复制文件名，相对路径
nnoremap <leader>yf :let @+=expand("%") <cr>
